Revisions and the Cloud.md, before:

# Revisions and the Cloud
commands used in git to clone 
- mkdir 
- cd the dirctory that you want to pur ur repos
- git clone http or ssh
#  introduction to git
> git: is a version control allow us to vist verious version of  repos and recording chnages also it can
helup us to  revert files  to know which files are edited and deleted  ypou can also work with a  team and upload
your repos to github or download it on the local machine
#  the deffreince between git and git bash
Github | git 
------------ | -------------
github is a software in the cloud i can refrence my project using version control allow us to vist verious version of  repos 
git is hosted on the cloud | git uses terminals such gitbash or ubnty terminal

# topics :
[what is git](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/git)

[what is github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/github)

[what big compinayies use beside github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/open-source-clouds)

[what kind of error you will face when you commit more one time](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/earning-journal/giterrors)

Commit message:

Update Revisions and the Cloud.md
# Revisions and the Cloud
commands used in git to clone 
- mkdir 
- cd the directory that you want to put ur repos
- git clone HTTP or ssh
#  Introduction to git
> git: is a version control allow us to visit the various version of  repos and recording changes also it can
help us to  revert files  to know which files are edited and deleted  you can also work with a  team and upload
your repos to GitHub or download it on the local machine
#  the difference between git and git bash
Github | git 
------------ | -------------
GitHub is a software in the cloud I can reference my project using version control allow us to visit a various version of  repos 
git is hosted on the cloud | git uses terminals such gitbash  or ubuntu terminal

# topics :
[what is git](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/git)

[what is github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/github)

[what big companies use beside github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/open-source-clouds)

[what kind of error you will face when you commit more one time](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/earning-journal/giterrors)

Revisions and the Cloud.md, after:

# Revisions and the Cloud
commands used in git to clone 
- mkdir 
- cd the directory that you want to put ur repos
- git clone HTTP or ssh
#  Introduction to git
> git: is a version control allow us to visit the various version of  repos and recording changes also it can
help us to  revert files  to know which files are edited and deleted  you can also work with a  team and upload
your repos to GitHub or download it on the local machine
#  the difference between git and git bash
Github | git 
------------ | -------------
GitHub is a software in the cloud I can reference my project using version control allow us to visit a various version of  repos 
git is hosted on the cloud | git uses terminals such gitbash  or ubuntu terminal

# topics :
[what is git](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/git)

[what is github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/github)

[what big companies use beside github](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/learning-journal/open-source-clouds)

[what kind of error you will face when you commit more one time](https://alaaalmasri12.github.io/earning-journal/giterrors)
