The-Coder's-Computer summery.md, before:

# Programming Summery 
today i learned about many topics such as Growthmindset,markdown,text Editor,terminals,how to install ubntu terminal,githubpages.
# Growthmindset
in Growthmindsest i learned that people are not born talanted and you cant be successful just by your talent you have to put effort 
and aim for a goal  and try to achieve it also when i feel down or having problems that i couldn'tn solve i try to anlayze my problem
and break it down into pices to  make it easier Albert Einstein have tried 99 times and have failed but on the 100th time then
he succeeded  so you have to be paitent and do your best.
# MarkDown
MarkDown is a plain text formatting syntax aimed at making writing for the internet easier i learned planty of markup such as.
1. how to make headings  
ex:
# is the largest
## is the second largest
### is the smallest
2. making the text bold using *text*

ex:
*alaa*
3. how to make links usning [the name of the link inside the brackets ] then puting the actual link inside a parentheses

ex:
[slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-jo/downloads/instructions/windows).
4-how to do orderd and unordered list
ex:
### names of my best food resturant 
1. khan zaid (sahwarma)
2. burger maker
3. fierfly
5. how to add images [imagename](the address of the image).

ex:
[ type of hackers](https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/three-white-black-grey-hats-600w-618714785.jpg)

Commit message:

Update The-Coder's-Computer summery.md
last commit

The-Coder's-Computer summery.md, after:

# Programming Summery 
today i learned about many topics such as Growthmindset,markdown,text Editor,terminals,how to install ubntu terminal,githubpages.
# Growthmindset
in Growthmindsest i learned that people are not born talanted and you cant be successful just by your talent you have to put effort 
and aim for a goal  and try to achieve it also when i feel down or having problems that i couldn'tn solve i try to anlayze my problem
and break it down into pices to  make it easier Albert Einstein have tried 99 times and have failed but on the 100th time then
he succeeded  so you have to be paitent and do your best.
# MarkDown
MarkDown is a plain text formatting syntax aimed at making writing for the internet easier i learned planty of markup such as.
1. how to make headings  
ex:
# is the largest
## is the second largest
### is the smallest
2. making the text bold using *text*

ex:
*alaa*
3. how to make links usning [the name of the link inside the brackets ] then puting the actual link inside a parentheses

ex:
[slack](https://slack.com/intl/en-jo/downloads/instructions/windows).
4-how to do orderd and unordered list
ex:
### names of my best food resturant 
1. khan zaid (sahwarma)
2. burger maker
3. fierfly
5. how to add images [imagename](the address of the image).

ex:
![hackers](https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/three-white-black-grey-hats-600w-618714785.jpg) 
 # text editors
 basicly text editor is a tool that we use to write our code and its  type of computer program that edits plain text Such programs are sometimes known as notepad,visual studio code,atom..etc software Text editors are provided with operating systems and software development packages  and can be used to change files such as programming language source code
 # github pages
 githubpages allow u sto upload our project to a server and share our project to the entier world u can benfit it by 
 -Showcase your work
 -Documentation
 -Markdown
 -download open source project to edit it and reduce time of coding
 # terminals 
 its a textbased userinterface that used to write commands u can change dirctories makefolders and files and save data into files
